This is the TODO file for Knowhere project by Leonid Khramov, design by Igor Khramov.

TODO list:

* 30.10.09 *
- Problem with GPS/COM connection indicators, its show incorrect status. Also after fixes, move 
  them to the GPS info dashboard (top left corner) and make it flash a little if in a proper status.
  
- GPSTrack - add average speed calculation from previous waypoint, not only from start. Add this 
  information to the GPS info dashboard + distance from last WP. May be move this info to the Track
  dashboard?? So we need info about last waypoint: Time till WP, distance from WP, average speed 
  from WP. It's better to organize in the WayBase class and calculate for each WP recently added.
  Add menu for quick switch of analizing time for average speed calculation:
    * 10 min
    * 20 min
    * 30 min
    * Last WP
    * Whole track
  
- Add altitute to the GPS dashboard. [DONE 25.12.09]

- Follow track mode. Add estimated time calculation to the nearest point and to the finish point.
  Take average speed from the recording track. [DONE 02.11.09]
  
- Reassing F1 hotkey and implement Keys Help page for display hotkeys and actions, also there could
  be second page with description of the toolbar buttons and menus.
  We need help system :) [DONE 03.11.09]
  
- Import track from clipboard buffer. Add Paste function that will paste data from clipboard and 
  loads it as a track, show on the map.
  Loading such routes from file now works, but we need load placemarks with point tag, not only as
  POI, but also as Waypoints on the track.
  Add paste function for loading directly from GE.

- When loading track file again and again, do not import POIs - check for existence by coordinates
  and name.

- Save track redesign. When we hit Record track, display dialog with From and Destination 
  text fields. Create and auto save this track into file 'From-Destination-YY-MM-DD.gpõ' into
  tracks directory.
  Think about continuing of autosaved track if we crashed and restarted. [PARTLY DONE]
  
- Load track dialog redesign. Merge file choosing dialog with track color assign dialog and add 
  new tab about track loading options. Options include - loading POI or not, merge multiple tracks
  if they are in the file and more.
  As alternative way - dialog that display only files in directory set in setup. Display additional 
  information + a key to open standard file choosing dialog.
  
- Points of interest (bookmarks). Complete refactoring and redesing.
  * Add more fields to the POI: POI type, short name, descriprion, comments, tags, group, show_in_menu
  * Look for standart list of POI types, maybe from Google KML of GPX standards.
  * Different icons for different types - need library of icons.... + multiPOI type and icon.
  * Put POIs into database SQLite with indexing and RTree spatial search.
  * Quick Add POI for current position. Display dialog with most common types of POIs. User choose
    just type, then we create POI on the current position with this type, generaged name and mark it as
    "Partially defined". Later user can edit it and define the rest of the data. +Mark this point on
    the track as we already did.
  * Refactor "display POIs on the screen" method. Do it in separate thread, load from database by
    a region, merge nearest into one multiPOI, then display prepared data on the screen in main
    thread.
  * Quick POI search toolbar. Type name or type of the POI (just first letters) and see dropdown
    list of the POIs nearest to current location. Quickly change range of searching.
    Range of searching calculates according user preferences and current zoom level.
  * Edit POIs dialog with grid, search header by different fields and region. Tree view for groups
    hierarchy. Edit or delete POIs with multiselection mode. Managing groups (add, delete, edit).
  * Importing POIs from external files (KML, GPX), dialog for matching POI fields from file to our
    internal fields, choosing or changing types and more.

- Night view mode. In a simple way we need just shade the map a little (draw semitransparent
  rectangle). In more complicated way - load map as 256 color pallete, change pallete colours and
  convert into 32 bit image for displaying. [DONE simple 03.11.09]
  
- Bug in drawing tracks. If point of the track goes off screen the we could see garbage lines.
  And lines do not see shifted center, as the result track could disappear on the part of the
  screen. [DONE 03.11.09]
  
- Download mode: downloading tiles along the given path + some range in km around the track.
  [DONE 06.01.10]

- Save/load track in PLT (OziExplorer) format.

- Map generation for OziExplorer. Select region of the map, display result picture size (what is the max size?).
  Generate one large image with selected rectangle and zoom level + generate calibration map (ozi .map file)
  for this image with embeded POI (checkbox for that).

- Mode for downloading terrain maps with street maps on top of it. New layer for streets.

- Starting list of POI type for encode into DB:
Airport
Aerodrome
Airdrome

Ambulance
Attraction
Bank
Bicycle
Bicycling

Border Crossing
Customs

Bus Station
Car Rental Service
Car Repair
Castle
Church
Temple

Cinema
Movie Theatre
Movie House

College
University

Consulate
Embassy

Disneyland
Drug Store
Exhibition Center
Show

Factory
Plant
Manufacturer

Fire Station
Fire Department
Fire Engine House

Gas Station
Filling Station
Gasoline Station
Petrol Station

Golf Club
Government
Hospital
Hotel
Hostel
Inn
Motel
Camping

Library
McDonalds
Fast Food

Memorial
Military
Range
Ground
Ordnance Yard

Museum
Pagoda
Park
Pharmacy
Picnic Ground
Police Station
Pool
Swimming Pool

Port
Sea Port
Railway Station
Restaurant
School
Shop
Store

Stadium
Tent
Theatre
Walk
Walking

Zoo
More to be found...